[TEACHER A] All right,
class is now in session.
Last time, as you'll recall,
we learned all about
the basics of magic.
Were you able to feel the
power inside of your body?
That wondrous
energy you possess?
If the answer is no,
today you'll be doing
the same training we did
in our previous session.
If the answer is yes, you'll
move onto the next step,
which is controlling your magic
and expelling it outwards.
[ELIARIA sighs] It's only been
one month since I arrived
at the academy, and the boredom
is already unbearable.
Every lesson has been
on fundamentals
that I learned before
coming here.
And, of course, no one
wants to associate with me
because I'm the Duke's daughter.
My title and magic
power intimidate them.
[MICHELLE] Is something
the matter, young lady?
I know you.
Count Wildan's daughter, right?
You have a keen eye.
I'm Michelle Wildan,
just as you surmised.
The Count's eldest daughter.
Didn't realize that I was
addressing Lady Jamil.
If only my eyes were half
as keen as yours are.
Please pardon my rudeness.
You've done nothing rude.
Our status and titles don't
matter while we're on
the school grounds,
so if it's all right,
may I please call
you Miss Michelle?
Yes, my lady. I'd like that.
Still a tad too formal.
How about you call
me Elia from now on.
[MICHELLE chuckles]
All right,
I could adjust
to calling you Elia.
May we speak a little
more casually in general?
Etiquette's taxing.
But of course.
I much prefer speaking
more naturally.
Then back to what
I asked before,
are you out here because
something's the matter?
Not really, at least in terms
of facing an actual issue,
I guess.
It's just, classes I'm
taking are very tedious.
[MICHELLE] Ahh, I know
that feeling all too well.
I basically pretend to pay
attention during our lessons
at this point.
I also try to avoid getting
involved with silly cliques,
so I have hardly anyone to
talk with between classes.
Oh, wow. That's surprising.
I'd have thought you were
one of the academy's
more popular students.
[MICHELLE laughs]
Maybe when I
first enrolled here.
Some girls got the wrong
idea because of the uniform
I prefer wearing.
Anyway, most lost interest
when they realized
I'm not that social.
[ELIARIA] So you spend your
breaks here where you can
be alone?
[MICHELLE]
Sometimes.
Today, I'm doing an experiment.
Since it involves magic circles,
you must be an alchemist.
I wish I could be good at
something as cool as alchemy,
but I'm studying a subject
called "magic circle science."
I've never heard of that.
Can you explain it?
[MICHELLE]
It's a minor field of study
that branched off from alchemy,
which researches why magic
circles react the way they do.
And, as luck would have it,
the only instructor
who taught it at this
academy quit last year.
So I study it on
my own time now.
[ELIARIA]
You must like it.
[MICHELLE]
Yes.
I have to say though, I was
impressed you even knew
what a magic circle
was to begin with.
[ELIARIA]
Why?
Most people don't.
The misconceptions
they have stop them from
giving alchemy a chance.
But you don't seem to share
that narrow point of view.
[ELIARIA]
Guess that's true.
[MICHELLE] I don't find
alchemy distasteful either,
so could you teach me
what you know?
[ELIARIA] Sorry for misleading
you, but I'm not an alchemist.
I am good friends
with one, though,
so I know not every
alchemist uses their craft
for scamming people.
That's right. They don't.
Now, back to my
little experiment.
Would it bother you
if I stuck around?
[MICHELLE]
Not at all.
[ELIARIA]
What's inside that bottle?
[MICHELLE] Ink with crushed
non-elemental and fire crystals.
It's the special mixture I have
to use to draw my circles.
Adding magic crystals to
the ink does something?
Depending on the
type of crystal used.
Mine can start a
fire, for instance.
The ratio of the magic
crystals and the design
of the circle are what determine
the strength of that fire,
as well as how efficiently
it can be controlled.
Very interesting.
Why are you doing all
of this research, though?
Because of what you just said.
Everything about this
subject is so interesting
and there's more to
discover when a field
lacks research, right?
[ELIARIA] Something tells me
Miss Michelle and Mister Ryoma
would get along famously.
[MICHELLE] I'm not sure
what kind of reaction
this will generate,
so stand back.
Right. Good idea.
All right, here goes.
It's showtime.
I didn't realize someone
else was around.
I'm sorry for alarming you.
Why'd you apologize?
I'm the one who just randomly
waltzed in and interfered.
There was zero interference.
You're Miss Miyabi, are you not?
From our class?
[ELIARIA] You're new to
this school too, right?
[MIYABI]
That's right.
I was just trying to catch
the duke's daughter
by herself because
I have a message.
You have a message for me?
Who is it from?
Well, thing is, that's why
I'm trying to be discreet.
Someone could overhear and start
rumors since it's from a boy.
Miss Michelle won't tell.
So, please, speak freely.
In that case,
I ran into somebody.
A young tamer named Ryoma.
Mister Ryoma?
Then are you from Gimul,
or did you meet somewhere else?
[MIYABI] We met in Lenaf
through my father.
And when he learned that
I'd be going to this school,
he asked me to keep
an eye out for somebody
he knew, a girl named Eliaria.
[ELIARIA]
Ah, I see.
So, then, what message
did he send?
[MIYABI]
"Good luck."
That was about the extent of it.
I think he just wanted
me to check on you
'cause he was worried.
[ELIARIA] Going doesn't bother
me so much but knowing
I won't have any friends does.
Because you see,
if my family's status
doesn't scare them off,
my magical power
is usually the cause.
He could've said
"good luck" in a letter.
This was a setup for
the two of us to meet.
Thank you, Miss Miyabi.
Message received loud and clear.
And here's a thought,
since we have a mutual friend
in Mister Ryoma,
why don't we take this
opportunity to become
friends as well?
You wanna be my friend?
But I'm just an ordinary
commoner, though.
[ELIARIA] Status has nothing
to do with friendships
in my book.
Besides, it would be
sad to spend my days
at the academy
without a single friend.
Luckily, you won't have to!
[ELIARIA laughs]
[MICHELLE] If there's room
for three in this group,
I'd like to join.
The more the merrier, I say!
Hey, you know what we could do?
Turn our group into a
practical training team.
[ELIARIA] I've been concerned
about forming a team
for quite some time.
[MIYABI]
Me, too.
Which is why I
haven't joined any yet.
[MICHELLE] The existing teams
are mostly based on status.
All nobles or all commoners.
And not a single
one appealed to me,
regardless of who was in them.
Glad we found each other.
Now we won't be obligated
to join up with people
we might not get along with.
That would've been a nightmare.
Yeah.
I was holding out because
I wanted to find folks
I like being around,
and here we are.
Whether it was luck or fate,
I'm just happy that it
brought us all together.
This should be a fun group!
Yeah, for real!
Great. It's settled.
Indeed.
But teams are supposed to
have five or six people, right?
[ELIARIA] So, it's still
possible we might get members
we're incompatible with.
[MIYABI] I wonder if we
can find another student
who doesn't care about the
status of their teammates,
like you two.
[MICHELLE] Actually,
I can think of someone.
Riela Clifford.
She is the eldest daughter
of Baron Clifford.
Cliffords, huh?
I'm pretty sure they started
out as a family of knights,
then gained the status
of nobles thanks to their
accomplishments, I think.
Uh-huh. She can be a
stickler for the rules
and is very proud of herself.
But she doesn't turn her nose up
to others based on status,
and gladly acknowledges
talent when she sees it.
[ELIARIA]
She sounds perfect for our team!
Um, it's fair to
say that I yield.
[CROWD gasps]
[MICHELLE]
Riela.
[RIELA]
Hey, Michelle.
Who are your friends?
I'm glad you asked.
We should talk.
[RIELA]
All right. I'll join your team.
In fact, I feel absolutely
honored you even asked.
Happy to have you aboard!
Relieved, too.
Are you really sure, though?
This isn't your only option.
You have the best grades
in swordsmanship
out of our class.
I know without a doubt
lots of other people
want you on their team.
I did receive an invite or two.
But I refuse to team up
with those who confuse
the dignity of nobility
with arrogant vanity.
Oh, I do too!
Definitely a great fit!
It's nice to meet you!
The pleasure's mine.
We're only one person
away from a full practical
training team now.
Do any of you have
somebody in mind
for our fifth candidate?
Yeah, but I'm not sure
she's worth suggesting.
We have to think smart,
and when it comes
to combat training,
Riela is the only one among
us who can fight close range.
True. If we want a balanced
team, it'd be great
to have one more
close-ranged ally.
Which isn't my
candidate's strength.
She's best as a scout or a spy,
so things like stealth
and setting traps
are her specialties.
No fighting skills.
Speaking of, there she is now!
Sitting alone?
[MIYABI] Yep. Name's Kanan.
She's a commoner.
And while she doesn't
have a title to flaunt,
her nimble fingers
are worth mentioning.
Wants to be a
professional artisan.
Well, teammates?
Any thoughts?
I'll have no complaints
so long as she has
a good personality.
I agree with Miss
Riela's sentiments.
[MIYABI]
Then I'll go see what she says!
I can't believe I
got rejected again.
[MIYABI] Hey, Kanan.
Got a minute to talk?
Wait, I know you.
Miss Miyabi, right?
What could you possibly
wanna talk about?
Team stuff!
Practical training team
stuff, to be more exact!
You see, we really don't
want our fifth member
to be random, so...
You're asking me?
Yeah. That's right.
So if you're game, could
you spare a quick minute
to discuss it with
the other members?
[KANAN]
Yes! I have nothing but minutes!
Hi, my name's Kanan Schuzer
and it is very nice to meet you!
[GROUP] It's very nice
to meet you, as well.
[ELIARIA]
Miss Kanan.
A Schuzer who's good
at making crafts.
That makes sense.
That's right.
My family is the Schuzer family.
The one famous for
creating magic items,
but I'm in no way
trying to brag.
As far as magic item
crafting is concerned,
I'm a failure.
So please don't expect
anything from me
in that department.
[MIYABI]
Why do you say that?
[KANAN] Well, I specialize
in enchanting magic,
but I'm a lil too
specialized, ya know?
Well, yes, that does make sense.
Huh?
I'm still confused, do you
mind spelling it out for me?
[KANAN]
Sure.
Long ago, enchanting magic
was created by a person
who had certain characteristics
and the only ones
capable of wielding it are
said to be descendants
from that bloodline.
That's it.
The bloodline spread
and changed over time,
but every once in a
while, someone is born
with the exact traits that
made the creator so unique.
And that someone is you?
[KANAN]
Yes.
If you're wondering
why this is a dilemma,
it's because enchanting
magic is the only kind
I'll ever be capable of using.
I'm a Schuzer who can't make
magic items on my own.
Let's see.
In order to create a magic item,
you need enchanting
magic and a spell
from another class of magic.
Which means you'll always
need someone else
there to hold your hand.
Yuh-huh.
Which means, being
compatible with others
is like a must
for you, isn't it?
[KANAN]
Oh, it one hundred percent is!
I'm a total people-person,
and thought I'd rub elbows
with tons of potential
partners at the academy!
Until I actually
got here, that is.
[pouts]
Everybody brushes me off.
I've learned not to even
talk to most nobles.
No one listens, so no
one will work with me.
I'm sorry I asked.
I wasn't trying to pry.
Just curious.
Thanks for trusting us with
something you consider
to be so secret.
Well, of course!
You four wanna decide whether
or not this'll even work.
If I joined without coming
clean, I'd just be tricking you.
Personally, I really appreciate
that kind of honesty.
I say yes!
Great, that makes two of us.
I think Miss Kanan will make
a wonderful addition
to our group.
I do believe that's unanimous.
No.
You four have to be pulling
my leg or something.
I can't use offensive magic
and I'm a complete
novice with swords.
We all have our strengths
and weaknesses.
And my strength is fighting,
so I can protect you.
Then it's a done deal.
Kanan is now our team's
fifth and final member.
Or maybe it's a real done deal
when she actually agrees.
So, whaddaya say?
I say I'm absolutely in!
Like, I almost can't believe it!
I was turned down by so many
teams till you came along!
You have no clue how
lost I was feeling!
Thank you so much
for accepting me!
[RIELA]
Thanks for joining.
[MICHELLE]
That makes five.
[ELIARIA]
Feels like a good little group.
[MIYABI]
This is gonna be fun.
[STUDENT A]
Those two teamed up with nobles?
[STUDENT B] A charity act
that's bound to fail.
You'd think they'd
at least whisper.
Well, we expected
as much, didn't we?
It's asinine.
I honestly can't be mad if
people find this suprising.
I did, too.
I'm with three nobles, one of
which is the duke's daughter!
Thought I was gonna
die from shock!
[ELIARIA laughs]
[MIYABI laughs]
Hey, just wondering,
do any of you know
how to set up a camp?
Can't really say that I do.
I'm clueless as well.
I've done it before,
so we'll be okay.
Me, too.
Those family camping
trips can pay off now.
Then we have two
people with experience.
Makes me feel a lot better.
Plus, the rest of us
are willing to learn.
All right. Oh.
Here comes the teacher now.
Thank you for being
on time, everybody!
Are you excited?
Because the
two-night camping...
[ELIARIA]
Our first training session,
and we'll complete it together.
[KANAN] Please say "enchanter
magician" five times fast.
Ready?
[ELIARIA]
We will be after the break!
[GROUP] "Enchanter magician,
enchanter magician,
enchanter magician, enchanter
magician, enchanter magician!"
[TEACHER A] You aren't
forbidden from interacting with
other teams,
but we do ask that each
group be responsible
for their own work.
Understood?
[STUDENTS]
Right!
Twelve is just such a pivotal
age, wouldn't you agree?
Especially when you're a noble.
They've had servants wait on
them hand and foot till now.
This trip will challenge them
in ways they never dreamed.
Let's help 'em through.
Right.
This isn't how you pitch a tent.
Then ask someone who's done
it before, 'cause I haven't.
[NOBLE STUDENT A]
Well, neither have I.
Man. No dice, huh?
But there has to be a toilet!
There isn't a bathtub either.
What?
[RIELA]
Good, now pull!
[GROUP]
Right!
[MIYABI]
Should I get more?
[MICHELLE]
Nah. Think this'll be enough.
Ready? 'Cause here it goes!
[STUDENT C] I'm glad we
practiced beforehand.
[STUDENT D] We've come a
long way from our first attempt.
[NOBLE STUDENT A]
Hey.
You clearly have time,
so pitch our tent, too.
Why?
The teacher told us that we had
to take care of our own team's
needs, and last I checked,
we aren't teammates.
But we can't do it
and you two can.
Well, then come better prepared
for the next training session.
What did you just say?
You heard her!
[GIRLS growl]
[MIYABI] I didn't think it
would all go smoothly,
but good gracious.
[KANAN] There were quite
a few scuffles, huh?
[MICHELLE]
I'm worried about tomorrow.
Just forget about them.
Yes, that's a lot of
not our problem.
We have to wake up early.
[MIYABI]
Fair point. Good night.
[KANAN]
Sleep tight, girls!
[ELIARIA]
See you in the morning.
[NOBLE STUDENT A yelps]
What happened to her?
Their tent collapsed all of
a sudden, and she got hurt.
Badly?
It's just a scratch that'll
probably leave a bruise.
She's okay.
Whew. Scared me.
That hurts!
We told you to build our tent,
so it's really your fault!
Her blood is on
your stuck-up hands!
You aren't gonna take
any responsibility
for putting up your
tent the wrong way?
Don't blame us
for your mistakes!
Ugh! Shut your peasant mouth.
Let's all take a breath!
Magic shouldn't be used
to settle petty disputes!
[NOBLE STUDENT B]
But!
[MICHELLE]
Let's get that tent fixed up.
Guide us through it, Riela.
[RIELA]
Very well.
[ELIARIA]
I'll tend to her wounded leg.
[NOBLE STUDENT A]
A slime?
As you can see, it isn't your
ordinary slime, though.
It's a very special one that
has healing properties.
A precious treasure
from a dear friend.
Oh.
Thank you so much
for helping us out.
[NOBLE STUDENT B]
Sorry for the way we acted.
That was a nice apology.
You just gave it
to the wrong people.
Sorry we blamed you.
We were acting like jerks.
Yeah, you were.
But we forgive you.
Thank you, ladies.
[ELIARIA]
A good start to a beautiful day.
So, let's keep it going.
That brilliant energy
and teamwork.
I think cooperation is
the secret to success
for this exercise.
Let's stop bickering
amongst ourselves
and help each other out.
Seriously!
Yeah. Well said, Elia.
--[RIELA] Quite.
--[KANAN] She's right!
[GROUP]
Mm-hmm.
Great! We'll start now!
Rejoice, and consider
the toilet issue solved.
[STUDENT B]
Yay!
[ELIARIA]
Miss Miyabi was right.
You are good with traps!
She was also right about how
nimble your fingers are!
I'd never built a trap like
this one before today.
Did ya come up with
this design yourself?
Not at all.
I learned about these
from a very clever friend.
Nicely done.
Those mushrooms are edible.
So good!
I'll help you carry it, okay?
'Kay. That's sweet of you.
[TEACHER A]
They grew up so much so fast.
Amazing.
I think most kids are
pretty eager to learn,
and a ray of sunshine is
always good for growth.
Eliaria Jamil's team
did an excellent job
of providing that
sunshine for everyone.
[MIYABI] Wish we weren't
leaving tomorrow. Too soon.
[KANAN] This trip had me all
kinds of anxious but hanging out
with the whole class wound
up being really awesome!
Go figure, huh?
I used to be the opposite
of a social butterfly,
but now I can make
an effort to come out
of my cocoon a little more.
Yeah.
Since we're all here
together, we might as well
be making some new friends.
Making friends.
[RYOMA] You're one of
those dear friends,
which is why I hope
you'll make your own
party-sized group of
schoolmates at the academy.
I know you're worried,
but you've got this!
Trust me.
[STUDENT A]
Um... 'Scuse me, Miss Eliaria.
These are yours.
[ELIARIA]
What a pretty bouquet!
You picked them for me?
Yes. That's right.
Uh, because you helped
me carry that bucket!
Thanks for such a lovely gift.
[ELIARIA chuckles]
[ELIARIA]
Guess what, Mister Ryoma!
I actually managed to make some
friends among my schoolmates!
That's great, Elia.
It really is.
[ELIARIA] The flowers I got
from one of those friends
had berries mixed in with them.
The healing and scavenger
slimes you gave me
think they're delicious.
I hope your slimes
enjoy them, too!